<!-- index.md {% comment %}
*****************************************************************************************
*                            WARNING: DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE                             *
*                                                                                       *
* This file is generated by SUSHI. Any edits you make to this file will be overwritten. *
*                                                                                       *
* To change the contents of this file, edit the original source file at:                *
* ig-data/input/pagecontent/index.md                                                    *
*****************************************************************************************
{% endcomment %} -->
# CCA Implementation Guide

### Background
This Implementation Guide describes the representaton of cancer treatment regimens (primarily chemotherapy created by the cancer Control Agency)

It defines profiles on [PlanDefinition](http://hl7.org/fhir/plandefinition.html) and [ActivityDefinition](http://hl7.org/fhir/activitydefinition.html) resource types.

These are complex resource types, and have been constrained for this purpose. In particular, the ['action'](http://hl7.org/fhir/plandefinition-definitions.html#PlanDefinition.action) element of the PlanDefinion resource is used in a specific manner. It has 3 levels of nesting.

* The top level represents regimen options. This allows there to be different 'versions' of the regimen to be selected based on trigger criteria within the action. In this IG, only a single version is supported, but the pattern is maintained to suport future enhancement. 
* The next level represents the different defined cycles that are included in each regimen. Each cycle type will have a separate action element. A single cycle may repeat multiple times
* The third level represents the components of a single cycle - for example each drug will have a separate action element that describes the rules for administration. In most cases, a third level action will contain a reference (via canonical url) to a separate ActivityDefinition resource (commonly contained within the PlanDefinition). This resource provides the detailed information to allow a client system to generate the particular 'action ' resources if needed - for example a MedicationRequest resource for a drug administration.

Refer to the spec for details on how a client might consume a PlanDefinition.

### Using this guide

* The [Profiles](profiles.html) tab contains the profiles defined by this IG
* The [Extensions](extensions.html) tab contains the Extension Definition resources defined by this IG
* [Terminology]() has the ValueSets and CodeSystems
* [Artfact Index](artifacts.html) has a list of all artofacts (including Profiles and Extensions)
* The will be an API tab to describe the external interface supported by the system, if any. It is also feasible to 'bundle' the resources into a separate package for direct distribution to specific clients.
